Updating Contribution.md (#53)
alckasoc/discussion-agents: CONTRIBUTING.md

## 2. 🔨 Developer Setup

> First install [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/windows/) and follow the recommended settings. Once installed, open up the "Anaconda Prompt" and type in the command "conda --version". If everything has worked, it should print "conda xx.xx.x".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/windows/) and follow the recommended settings.
```

For example: "conda 23.11.0"

> (P.S: You may add Anaconda to your path environment variables on your own [if you feel comfortable], however this is discouraged by Anaconda themselves as it may "interfere with other software". Instead, they recommend to use the Anaconda Prompt.)

Reviewer: no nested parentheses or brackets

Author: where shd i specifically add the nested brackets? I added them in line 45 since I thought it was needed there "(P.S: You may add Anaconda to your path environment variables on your own [if you feel comfortable],"

```
conda create -n discussion-agents python=3.10.13
```

Now activate the environment.

```
conda activate discussion-agents
```

Please ensure you are in your virtual environment prior to beginning the next step. The Anaconda Command Prompt should have changed from `(base) C:\Users\<username>>` ---> `(discussion-agents) C:\Users\<username>>`. The change from (base) to (discussion-agents) indicates that you are now in your virtual environment.

Next, we will install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) using [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/docs/).

```
pip install pipx
pipx install poetry
```

Make sure to add poetry to path by adding `C:\Users\<username>\.local\bin` to path in advanced system settings. For other operating systems, the path will be different. Ensure poetry is in the environment variable paths.

To ensure that pipx has been successfully installed, type in the command:

```
pipx -- version
``` 

This should output the version if it has been installed properly. Then, to check for poetry installation, type in the command:

``` 
poetry --version
```

> This will output the poetry version (and also verify that poetry CLI is running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output the poetry version and verify the existence of the poetry CLI.
```

Then clone the repository and enter the discussion-agents directory.

``` 
git clone https://github.com/alckasoc/discussion-agents/
```

Finally install all of the packages.

```
poetry install
```

### Verifying Environment Installation

To verify your environment is correctly installed, please run the following commands.

```
make lint
```
This command will execute the pre-made `lint` target in the Makefile, which, internally, uses `mypy`, `black`, and `ruff`.

> If this command fails to run, check if Poetry has properly installed by running (same as previous section):
> ```
> poetry --version
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Next, run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run `auto_lint`. This will execute the pre-made `auto-lint` target in the Makefile which automatically formats your code with `black` and `ruff`.
```

```
make auto_lint
```

> This command will execute the pre-made `auto-lint` target in the Makefile. This command automatically formats your code with `black` and `ruff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## 2. 🔨 Developer Setup

First install [anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/free/anaconda/install/windows/) and follow the recommended settings. Once installed, open up the "Anaconda Prompt" and type in the command "conda --version". If everything has worked, it should print "conda xx.xx.x".
For example: "conda 23.11.0

> (P.S: You may add Anaconda to your path environment variables on your own (if you feel comfortable), however this is discouraged by Anaconda themselves as it may "interfere with other software". Instead, they recommend to use the Anaconda Prompt.)

Reviewer: No nested parentheses.

Ensure you have `make`. if it's not installed on your computer, Please follow this [article](https://earthly.dev/blog/makefiles-on-windows/).

> Open up the Anaconda Command Prompt and use the following command to create a conda environment `discussion-agents` with Python version 3.10.13. Any Python version above 3.9 is viable.

Reviewer: doesn't need to be in anaconda prompt, just anywhere where conda is supported

```
conda create -n discussion-agents python=3.10.13
```

Now activate the environment.

```
conda activate discussion-agents
```

> 

Reviewer: doesn't need to be in anaconda prompt (only applicable to windows). just needs to be where conda is supported

Please ensure you are in your virtual environment prior to beginning the next step. The Anaconda Command Prompt should have changed from `(base) C:\Users\<username>>` ---> `(discussion-agents) C:\Users\<username>>`. The change from (base) to (discussion-agents) indicates that you are now in your virtual environment.

Next, we will install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) using [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/docs/).

```
pip install pipx
pipx install poetry
```

Make sure to add poetry to path by adding `C:\Users\<username>\.local\bin` to path in advanced system settings. For other operating systems, the path will be different. Ensure poetry is in the environment variable paths.

> To Ensure that pipx has been successfully installed, type in the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that pipx has been successfully installed, type in the command:
```

```
pipx -- version
``` 

This should output the version if it has been installed properly. Then, to check for poetry installation, type in the command:

``` 
poetry --version
```

> This will output the poetry version.

Reviewer: this also verifies that poetry CLI works

Then clone the repository and enter the discussion-agents directory.

``` 
git clone https://github.com/alckasoc/discussion-agents/
```

Finally install all of the packages.

```
poetry install
```

### Verifying Environment Installation

> To verify your environment is correctly installed, please run the following commands. It may take a couple of minutes to run each command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify your environment is correctly installed, please run the following commands:
```

```
make lint
```

> This command will execute the pre-made `lint` target in the Makefile. Essentially, it will check that coding standards are adhered too within your code. Achieved by first running `mypy` to do type checking, then check for code formatting issues with `black` and lastly, performing linting with `ruff`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will execute the pre-made `lint` target in the Makefile, which, internally, uses `mypy`, `black`, and `ruff`.
```

> If this command fails to run, check if Poetry has properly installed by running (same as previous section):
> 
> ```
> poetry --version
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Next, run this command:

```
make auto_lint
```

> Again, this command will execute the pre-made `auto-lint` target in the Makefile. Similar to the previous target `lint`, the makefile will run `black` to format your Python code in the `discussion-agents` and `tests` directories, and then use `ruff` to lint through those directories as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will execute the pre-made `auto-lint` target in the Makefile. This command automatically formats your code with `black` and `ruff`.
```

Finally, run this command:

```
make test
```

> The `test` command within the Makefile calls `pytest` on the `tests` directory, measuring how much of our code aligns with the unit tests we have created for it. With any errors or successes made with code, it will produce these reports in XML and into the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `test` command within the Makefile internally runs `pytest` on unit tests located in the `tests` directory. 
```

Use the following command to create a conda environment `discussion-agents` with Python version 3.10.13. Any Python version above 3.9 is viable.

```
conda create -n discussion-agents python=3.10.13
```

Now activate the environment.

```
conda activate discussion-agents
```

Please ensure you are in your virtual environment prior to beginning the next step. The Anaconda Command Prompt should have changed from `(base) C:\Users\<username>>` ---> `(discussion-agents) C:\Users\<username>>`. The change from (base) to (discussion-agents) indicates that you are now in your virtual environment.

Next, we will install [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) using [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/docs/).

```
pip install pipx
pipx install poetry
```

Make sure to add poetry to path by adding `C:\Users\<username>\.local\bin` to path in advanced system settings. For other operating systems, the path will be different. Ensure poetry is in the environment variable paths.

To ensure that pipx has been successfully installed, type in the command:

```
pipx -- version
``` 

> This should output the version if it has been installed properly. Then, to check for poetry installation, type in the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should output the version if it has been installed properly. Then, to verify the poetry installation, type in the command:
```
